fix(rdb): ssh bastion connection (#4874)
scaleway/docs-content: macros/databases/ssh-bastion.mdx

---
macro: ssh-bastion
---

<Message type="important">

> Managed Databases for PostgreSQL and MySQL are currently not compatible with the [Static NAT](/public-gateways/concepts/#nat) feature of [Scaleway Public Gateways](/public-gateways/concepts/#public-gateway). You can use Public Gateways in [SSH bastion](/public-gateways/how-to/use-ssh-bastion/) mode and perform port forwarding. Follow the steps below to connect using SSH bastion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Managed Databases for PostgreSQL and MySQL are currently not compatible with the [Static NAT](/public-gateways/concepts/#nat) feature of [Scaleway Public Gateways](/public-gateways/concepts/#public-gateway). Instead, you can use Public Gateways' [SSH bastion](/public-gateways/how-to/use-ssh-bastion/) feature and perform port forwarding. Follow the steps below to connect using SSH bastion.
```

</Message>

> If you want to connect locally to a Database Instance that is not accessible via the public internet, you can use SSH Bastion and connect it to the same Private Network the Database Instance is connected to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to connect locally to a Database Instance that is not accessible via the public internet, you can use SSH bastion and connect it to the same Private Network the Database Instance is connected to.
```
